
o API routes to be front-ended:

	o Create appointments page/form 

	o Sign In - Current

	o Sign UP

	o Get Appointments (call it my appointments):

		- The drop down that specifies what dates
		you want the appointments to display on.


o Implement notifications - 

	o Create DB table called notifications,
	o have a receiver_email foreg. key,
	o give it a details column

o install momentJS or maybe an even lighter
library to convert from UTC time.

o Have it so that if the email is already in the DB, 
sign in with firebase and redirect to the user page.

Here's how:

	- if firebase is successful with it's auth., 
	then send a message to the backend to hit up
	DB to see if the email is there, if it is, make
	the jwt,

	- have an {..., firebase: true/false} key inside
	the json object we send to the backend for the 
	create and sign in methods. 

	
o Writing Foreing Keys - Here's the syntax for the FK:

	alter table appointments add foreign key (inner_column) 
	references parent_table(parent_column) ON DELETE CASCADE;

inner_column refers to the column inside the child table (the table
with the foreign key), parent_table and column are self explainatory.
The inner_column must exist or you'll get a "doesn't exist" error.

The primary key that's referenced in the command MUST exist in the 
parent table or you'll get a "violates foreign key constraint".

So parent_column must exist AND BE the primary key of that table, 
and inner column must exsit before the above syntax is written.

Also you're allowed to leave foreign keys empty, but primary keys
cannot be null.


o You can use the DATE(column_name) function in SQL to convert a datetime/timestamp
into a regular date if your don't want the spefic time.

	select * from appointments where DATE(time) = '2021-05-09';

This returns all the table whose timestamp extraced date is May 9th 2021.
	

select * from appointments where DATE(time) = current_date;


SELECT timestamp
FROM randomTable
ORDER BY timestamp ASC;

